#summary High-level introduction to the Exyus engine
#labels Featured

==Summary==
The *Exyus* engine is designed to make it relatively easy to build scalable read/write web applications while staying close to the prinicples of [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_State_Transfer REST]. The core of the *Exyus* engine is in two classes: [HTTPesource] and [HTTPClient]. The [HTTPResource] class is designed to handle incoming HTTP requests. The [HTTPClient] class is designed to make outgoing HTTP requests.

Programming with the *Exyus* engine requires the following:
  * Define a Resource using [HTTPResource] or one of it's sub-classes (see below).
  * Define one or more [UriPattern] elements that map to that resource.
  * Define one or more HTTP Methods that are allowed for that resource.
  * Define one or more [MediaTypes] that are supported by that resource.
  * Define one or more dependent [CacheUri] elements that will be cleared when the resource is successfully updated.

In addition, many of the built-in Resource Classes require the definition of one or more [Transform_Documents Transform Documents] to handle validation and transformation of passed parameters, incoming requests, and outgoing responses. 

In the initial release, *Exyus* provides the following Resource Classes (all subclasses of the [HTTPResource] class:
  * [StaticResource] - Supports literal string and file-based read-only content.
  * [XmlFileResource] - Supports full read/write access to any file that can (ultimately) be transformed into a valid XML document (more on this later).
  * [SqlXmlResource] - Supports access to MS-SQL database that returns valid XML documents.
  * [XmlPageResource] - Supports producing typical XHTML pages either whole or via the [XmlTemplateResource].
  * [XmlTemplateResource] - Supports partial-page generation. Can be used to build [XmlPageResource] output.