#summary Setting up Exyus on Windows.
#labels Phase-Deploy

==Requirements==
Below are the requirements for successfully setting up this version of *Exyus*:
  * Windows XP, Windows 2003, or Windows Vista (not tested)
  * Internet Information Server 6.0 (IIS) installed
  * [http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=0856EACB-4362-4B0D-8EDD-AAB15C5E04F5&displaylang=en ASP.NET Framework 2.0]
  * [http://www.isapirewrite.com/ ISAPI_Rewrite 2.0]

==Installing Exyus==
Once the prerequisite items are installed, you can move on to setting up *Exyus*. Below is the recommended process:
===Set up the File Space===
  * Create a folder on disk to hold the *Exyus* web ({{{c:\exyus\}}})
  * Copy the contents of the "exyus_runtime" zip set into the target directory
===Configure IIS===
For these next steps, use the IIS Management Tool
  * Create a new VDir called "xcs" that points to the target folder ({{{c:\exyus\}}})
  * Open the Properties window for this new VDir and on the Virtual Directory tab, make sure to set this folder  with an "Application Name" (Exyus)
  * Click on the "Configuration" button. On the "Mappings" tab, click the "Add" button. Browse to the ASP.NET 2.0 DLL; enter {{{.xcs}}} as the extention; select "All Verbs" radio; check ON "Script Engine"; check OFF "Check that file exists" and press "OK" to save your changes.
  * On the Directory Security Tab, Anonymous Acces... section select "Edit" button. When the dialog pops up, make sure only "Anonymous Access" is selected. Do not use Digest, Basic, or Integrated security
  * Press OK to save your changes for the root folder.
  * In the folder list for this VDir, right-click on the "storage" folder and select "Properties" from the context menu.
  * On the "Directory" tab, check ON "Write" radio button and press "OK" to save your changes.
===Edit the Exyus web.config===
For these steps, open the {{{web.config}}} file in the root folder for editing.
  * in the {{{exyusSecurity}}} section, update the {{{systemUser}}} item to reflect your own *system-wide* username;password
  * Save and close to file
===Edit the Exyus config files===
a subfolder of the application (config} contains additional configuration files used by *Exyus* to control user access, representation mapping, and URL redirect/rewrites. 
  * Open the {{{auth-users.xml}}} file to update the list of authorized users
  * Update the first user in the file (that is named "exyus") to the user and password you used in the {{{systemUser}}} setting of the {{{web.config}}}.
  * Save and close the file.
===Configure ISAP_Rewrite===
This version of *Exyus* was built to use ISAPI_Rewrite 2.0. Once you have installed it, you need to set two rules to handle default *Exyus* requests.
  * Open the {{{httpd.ini}}} file in a text editor
  * After entering the following two rules, save and close the file.
{{{
# start support for exyus server
RewriteRule .*(?:/config/|/documents/|/storage/).* [F,I,O]
RewriteRule (.*)/xcs/([^.?]*)(?:\.xcs)?(\?.*)? $1/xcs/$2.xcs$3 [L,I]
# end exyus rules
}}}
===Test the Setup===
Once you have completed all the steps, open your browser to view the Samples application: ({{{http://localhost/xcs/samples/}}}). You should see a short list of test pages that you can view.